Update put-mapping.md: add "dynamic" (#3384)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/index-apis/put-mapping.md

}
```

## Optional request body fields

> ### Field "dynamic"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### dynamic
```

> To enforce document structure to match the structure of the index mapping, specify property "dynamic" and set its value to "strict":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make the document structure match the structure of the index mapping by setting the `dynamic` request body field to `strict`, as seen in the following example:
```
